
Assumptions - 
-----------

1. The next generation of personal transportation is in development and testing phase.
People are testing these means and reporting their experiences based on various factors
such as - Speed, sustainability, efficiency, operability, convenience, etc.
2. After customer use the product for specific duration, she/he needs to rate their
experience through online portal along with additional suggestions.


System Specifications - 
---------------------

Q1) Technology - 
--------------
1. System will have some online portal for users to rate the product they have used.
This rating data can be stored based on Product and it's features.
2. Based on customer's ratings, we can index products based on their overall rating for
particular feature.
3. This indexed data can be used to get suggested product for new customers based on
their requirements. Input feature requirements can be treated as input query.
4. We can use Map-Reduce system to analys existing data and generating indexes and ranking
the products accordingly.
5. Based on existing customer and their current products and ratings, we can suggest
customer for better options she/he can opt for.

Q2) Other Data - 
--------------
1. We can use customer's locality, their ususal route information, duration of the day,
traffic information of the locality can be used to suggest better options to customer.
2. Also, we can use verify if the customer need vehicle for long drive or for short
distances. Based on this the requirements might change.

Q3) Model - 
---------
1. I would design the system with Naive Bayes model. This is becaues NB model has high
bias and low variance. Since in our system customer requirements are feature dependent,
customer would get better response with NB model than KNN model which does not give
preference to features.
2. In NB model, evaluation for one feature will not affect evaluation for another feature.

Q4) Problems & Implications - 
---------------------------
1. Problems - Customer may not be willing to disclose private data such as usual route, duration of
travel, locality, etc.
2. Measures - System inform customer that above mentioned data will be ONLY used to improve
system evaluation and performance and that the data will not be disclosed or leaked to any
other system/person. This needs to be ensured by following standard security measures for
the system.
